---
layout: post
title: lab 4
subtitle: 
categories: portfolio
tags: [guide, markdown]
---
<h1>lab4</h1>
<h2> What are the security implications of the digital economy?</h2>

Significant advantages of the digital economy include improved connectivity, convenience, and efficiency. 
1. Cybersecurity dangers have increased as a result of the digital economy, including hacking, malware, and phishing attempts. 
2. Data privacy: The digital economy has generated enormous volumes of data that, if handled improperly, may lead to privacy violations.
3. Financial fraud has increased as a result of the digital economy, including phishing schemes, and identity theft. 
4. Infrastructure weaknesses: Critical infrastructure like power grids, transportation networks, and communication networks have become
essential to the functioning of the digital economy.
<h1>.•What is a 'fully digital enterprise'?</h1>
Employees in a fully digital organization can work from home and interact easily using online
technologies for video conferencing, messaging, and project management. The company uses social media, email,
chatbots and other digital tools to engage with customers in its communication, marketing, and customer support efforts.
<h1>.•What are the cyber Security challenges/concerns with a fully digital enterprise? </h1>
A fully digital enterprise faces several cybersecurity challenges that arise due to its reliance on digital technologies. Some of these challenges and concerns are:

1. Cyberattacks: A fully digital enterprise is vulnerable to cyberattacks such as hacking, malware, and phishing attacks that can compromise sensitive data and systems. Cybercriminals can use these attacks to steal confidential information, disrupt operations, and cause financial losses.

2. Data protection: A fully digital enterprise generates and stores vast amounts of data that can be vulnerable to theft, misuse, and unauthorized access. Such enterprises need to implement robust data protection measures such as encryption, access controls, and data backup to safeguard against data breaches.

3. Insider threats: A fully digital enterprise may face cybersecurity risks from insiders such as employees, contractors, or vendors who have access to sensitive information. These insiders may intentionally or unintentionally compromise the enterprise's cybersecurity by stealing data or introducing malware.
<h1>•What are the cyber security challenges for bricks and mortar SME wanting to become a digital enterprise?</h1>
A number of cybersecurity concerns affect Small and Medium-sized Enterprises (SMEs) when they switch from a traditional "bricks and mortar" business model to a totally digital firm. Some of these difficulties include:

1.Lack of knowledge: It's possible that SMEs lack the cybersecurity knowledge required to manage the required cybersecurity measures. This may result in security holes that cybercriminals may use.

2.Budget constraints: SMEs may not have enough money to invest in cybersecurity measures, which leaves them more open to threats from the internet. For SMEs, the expense of putting cybersecurity safeguards like firewalls, antivirus software, and employee training into place can be a major obstacle.

3.Legacy systems: It's possible that SMEs are still employing antiquated technology that is incompatible with current cybersecurity safeguards. 
<h1>reflect:</h1>
threats can quickly outpace traditional approaches to data security.
<h1>reference:</h1>
.e-business.
.e-business infrastructure.
.e-commerce.

